\input texinfo @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename minfo.info
@settitle General Purpose PostScript Generating Utility
@c %**end of header

@set EDITION 1.7.16
@set VERSION 1.7.16

@c short cut for minfo
@macro pack
@code{minfo}
@end macro

@titlepage
@title minfo, version @value{VERSION}
@subtitle minfo GNU-info Documentation Browser
@author Marcin Dalecki

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 1996, 97 Marcin Dalecki

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that this permission notice may be stated in a translation approved
by the Foundation.
@end titlepage

@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@synindex pg cp

@ifinfo
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top minfo

@menu
Introduction
* Introduction::    	    	    Forewords
* Invokation::	    	    	    Options options options...
@end menu

@end ifinfo

@node Introduction, Invokation, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

This document describes @pack version @value{VERSION}. This is the second
sound official release of this program. After the encouragement from the
people which where already using the previous releases, I decided before
about two weeks to spend some more significant time on this project.

Most notably I gained (IMHO) a lot more expierence in Motif/Xt/X11
programming in general. Much of this came from the excellent test program
set provided with the still onging free Motif clone called lesstif.

Further on there are some other non free projects I was doing in parallel,
where much of the technics where borrowed from ofter discovering them.

The main new features are:

@enumerate
@item
Various bugfixes;

@item
Compleatly new look and feel. It's now not as close as possible to
Mozialla-3.xx anylonger. Insted I implemented something what is suiting my
personal taste little more.

Before critisizing me for my taste, please bear in mind that I'm born
@emph{directly} on the Baltic coast. Maybe therefore I preffer darkish
metal blue shades :-).

@item
Unique technique for implementation of tips on buttons, which doesn't rely
on the active status of those widgets and enter leave on events on the
windows associated with theyr background. It's still not quite perfect,
but at least the correct implementation road is shown.

@item
The button shape library is now much less of a mess then it used to be.
Most notably the background color of the buttons are now compleatly
adaptive to the shape colors of the associated widget.

@item
I discovered finally a way how to manipulate the output drawing in plain
Motif text widgets, without relying on features, which can be only found
in the not widly accepted 2.0 of this tyranosaurus rex of software design
blow.


@end enumerate

@node Invokation, , Introduction, Top
@bye
